release notes for 0.6.0 (#30)
zytedata/zyte-spider-templates: CHANGES.rst

Changes
=======

0.6.0 (YYYY-MM-DD)
------------------

* Fixed the ``extract_from`` spider parameter that isn't working.
* The *"www."* prefix is now removed when setting the spider's
  :attr:`~scrapy.Spider.allowed_domains`.
* The :attr:`zyte_common_items.ProductNavigation.nextPage` link won't be crawled
  if :attr:`zyte_common_items.ProductNavigation.items` is empty.
* :class:`zyte_common_items.Product` items that are dropped due to low probability
  *(below 0.1)* are now logged in stats: ``drop_item/product/low_probability``.
* :class:`zyte_spider_templates.pages.HeuristicsProductNavigationPage` now
  inherits from :class:`zyte_common_items.AutoProductNavigationPage` instead of
  :class:`zyte_common_items.BaseProductNavigationPage`.
* Moved eCommerce specific code from :class:`zyte_spider_templates.spiders.base.BaseSpider`
  to :class:`zyte_spider_templates.spiders.ecommerce.EcommerceSpider`.

> * Documentation improvements.

Reviewer: Can you please add newlines between items?

Changes
=======

0.6.0 (YYYY-MM-DD)
------------------

> * Fixed the ``extract_from`` spider parameter that isn't working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the ``extract_from`` spider parameter that wasn't working.
```

?

* The *"www."* prefix is now removed when setting the spider's
  :attr:`~scrapy.Spider.allowed_domains`.

* The :attr:`zyte_common_items.ProductNavigation.nextPage` link won't be crawled
  if :attr:`zyte_common_items.ProductNavigation.items` is empty.

* :class:`zyte_common_items.Product` items that are dropped due to low probability
  *(below 0.1)* are now logged in stats: ``drop_item/product/low_probability``.

* :class:`zyte_spider_templates.pages.HeuristicsProductNavigationPage` now
  inherits from :class:`zyte_common_items.AutoProductNavigationPage` instead of
  :class:`zyte_common_items.BaseProductNavigationPage`.

> * Moved eCommerce specific code from :class:`zyte_spider_templates.spiders.base.BaseSpider`
>   to :class:`zyte_spider_templates.spiders.ecommerce.EcommerceSpider`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Moved e-commerce code from :class:`zyte_spider_templates.spiders.base.BaseSpider`
  to :class:`zyte_spider_templates.spiders.ecommerce.EcommerceSpider`.
```

I think “e-commerce” is the right wording.

You could leave the “specific”, but then I think it would need to be hyphenated, yet “e-commerce-specific” although correct feels rather weird to me, specially since I don’t think it adds much here.
